{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Constantia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11240\viewh15540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Logo\'a0policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa360

\f1\b0 \cf4 There is only {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://identity.missouri.edu/logos-design/mu-logo/index.php"}}{\fldrslt \ul one institutional logo}} for the University of Missouri\
The icon is to be used as the logo for all schools, colleges, departments, offices, centers, institutes, programs and other units of the university. It should be used correctly in all external communications. It is part of the design of the official university stationery.\
In accordance with Section 5:100 in the MU Business Policy and Procedure Manual, the stacked MU logo should be used with the University of Missouri\'92s name to identify all publications. Combined with the typographic treatment, these elements present a sense of the university\'92s character, mission and reputation.\
Design issues always influence the placement of the logo as a signature on a print publication. Appropriate locations to consider include the return-address block and the bottom center of the cover or back cover. On websites, the logo should appear in the top-left corner of the browser window.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}The stacked MU is to be used as the logo for all schools, colleges, offices, centers, institutes, programs and other units of the university with an academic, research or health care focus. 
\b University units may not create new logos.
\b0  The official MU logo should be used correctly in all external communications. It is part of the design of the official University stationery. \
{\listtext	\'95	}No other logo should be substituted for the stacked MU or used with it. Only one logo should appear on a page.\'a0 (Exceptions: Some flexibility to this restriction might be appropriate in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://identity.missouri.edu/logos-design/sponsors-advertisements.php"}}{\fldrslt \ul advertisements and sponsored events}}.)\
{\listtext	\'95	}The MU logo must have a clear zone area that is equal to 1/3 the height of the logo to allow maximum legibility.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not place elements near or on top of the logo.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not alter, redraw or distort the MU logo in any way.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not use the MU logo as a watermark or print anything on top of the MU logo.\
}